[Music]
hi how about 666 in a new video
tutorial and good this time this one
mention how to download complete games
for the pc in a link this and good the
problem of this one
this way is that we were going to use this
torrent files
and in order to open them we are the
torrent to download we will go to internet
or music that they have
the program is free so we can
download from the main page
we will write a torrent
we will go here the first one that comes out
and good here is
we will go to us in prime like this
and to download them simply you
we will download free
really does not weigh much in fact in a
Once I also download it
maybe
we keep it in the part where we
let's agree and we'll get a file like
I'll open it we will run
well this we will put next
next I accept the good license this
it's to your taste wherever where
will install
I took off these two, not these two
put re following
what to remove is restarting torrent
when it says windows
this is this are the files of him
just now how can you handle it
we will put next this good this is a
your taste and we will install
we say yes and good to start the
installer and you do it because I
I already have it installed I can not
cancel me delete this and well a
once we have it installed
this will go to a website
to download torrents games e torrent
this let me have it in the
mozilla
I already have in fox tap
on this page they will be left in the
video description
and good here there are not enough options
of games for the pc
here is something that we want to download
any
that we like
as the
as any
as a qualcomm or what
what draws our attention
As they are covered in Caribbean version
Lego
the direct download good and it's for this
user of the page if you are looking for
register good forward in this that
if we put you download torrents
we will click
this is the manager maga started with the
download and I will have it in the
desk
will start downloading the file does not weigh
much
determined
we will close the page
they left us a torrent file like
this
and well we will give you enter automatically
initial of the torrent
here it is
and well those are all the files that
contains the
the game the game folder all the
files will download us this is the
size the disk space
name
the date it was made
and you will replenish ok will start the
download torrent
those seven arrivals 7.22 gigs no
will cancel cancel is also the
cancel
I was already depends on your connection
internet I have a mega and for
download a game of 4 gigs I'll take
10 hours
I already recommend them
to my experience with this program that
nothing more download 5-spin games
maximum maximum 6 maximum 6
because if not from more than 78 the
machine starts to lose speed the
torrent
and they take longer and in fact olive groves than
re-elect by this method weighed seven
32 gb point
and it took me a week
in downloading the best download it by
parts and put one day
and good I am to your decision as you
consider if it is a file of more than 6
gigas I recommend that you download it
parts on the internet if it's less than 6
well this is an option to download
their games
I downloaded here he
let me much
I downloaded the ampayers 3
and here you can see that
call the move
well the thing is that it weighed 3 gigas and
this
if in fact it weighed 3 gigas what would be
and if it is this
here is prey of 3.8 daughters in the anp
help just download by the turret
and also download halo 2 for the
torrent
and you can see that it also weighs 3 points
52 gigas
this and well this is already a decision of
you how do you get the best and
also depending on the capabilities
of the internet this is a way of
download the complete games come
with its crack and everything I have installed
the ampayer as you can see
[Music]
they come with their expansions are these 3
1 and its two expansions this and this and
Number 3
and well I hope you serve this video
tutorial serve you comment rate and
subscribe to the next vertical